#POST3D - README

1. Introduction
2. Prerequisites
3. Building
4. Installing
5. Contributing
6. Third-pary
 
## 1. INTRODUCTION

This project aims to develop a game engine using modern OpenGL (>= 3.3), and using features from c++11 like, move semantics, STL containers and smart pointers.
 
## 2. PREREQUISITES

 This project requires:
  * Cross-platform Make (CMake) v2.8+
  * GNU Make or equivalent.
  * GCC or an alternative, reasonably conformant C++11 compiler.
  * SDL2 Library
  * GLEW Library
  * Assimp Library

## 3. BUILDING
 
 This project uses the Cross-platform Make (CMake) build system. However, we
 have conveniently provided a wrapper configure script and Makefile so that
 the typical build invocation of "./configure" followed by "make" will work.
 For a list of all possible build targets, use the command "make help".

 NOTE: Users of CMake may believe that the top-level Makefile has been
 generated by CMake; it hasn't, so please do not delete that file.

## 4. INSTALLING

 Once the project has been built (see "BUILDING"), execute "sudo make install".

## 5. CONTRIBUTING

 If you want to add improvements, fix bugs, add features, document or anything you think will benefit this project, first fork this project for you to work there. After finishing what you have done you can submit a pull-request to the original repository. Please be very descriptive on what your changes are and follow the coding standards (take a quick look at some of the files).

 I will try to review and merge the pull request as soon as I can.

 If what you have in mind is not code related you can post an issue. 

## 6. THIRD-PARTY

This project could not be possible without these great Open Source software:

* Simple Media Layer (SDL2)
* SDL2_Image
* Open Asset Import (Assimp)
* OpenGL Extension Wrangler (GLEW)